v1.4.8 Release Notes - July 31, 2020
====================================

Fixes
-----

**FABC-829: Newly introduced attributes should be given to admin users**

Fabric CA version v1.1.0 added attributes `hf.AffiliationMgr` and `hf.GenCRL`, however
these attributes have never been assigned to users. This fix provides registrar users
(users with a `hf.Registrar.Roles` attribute) the `hf.AffiliationMgr` and `hf.GenCRL` attributes,
so that the user has the corresponding permissions.

**FABC-911: Suppress duplicate error messages**

Unnecessary repeated error message "Failed to remove expired nonces from DB" is now suppressed.

**FABC-911: Remove PKCS11 label and pin fields from Fabric CA debug**

Remove PKCS11 sensitive label and pin information from Fabric CA debug logs.


Dependency updates
------------------
- Bump Go to 1.13.12.
- Bump Fabric baseimage to 0.4.21.


Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------
None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. In v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.


Change log
----------
For the full list of changes, refer to the release change log:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release-1.4/CHANGELOG.md#v148
