v1.4.5 Release Notes - February 19, 2020
========================================

Fixes
-----

- **FABC-806: Do not honor client expiry request**

  It was possible for the client to set the expiry for a certificate (due to
  the embedded use of a cfssl type). With this change, the expiry will come
  from the CA profile of the request or the default profile if no profile is
  set or a matching profile cannot be found.

- **FABC-891: Create missing index on postgres db**

  Add a missing primary key index on users table for Postgres database.

- **Support reading Operations TLS settings from file**

  Previously, the unmarshal of server's configuration file
  did not pull operations config in correctly. Operations
  config for "operations.tls.cert.file" and "operations.tls.cert.key"
  are now read correctly.


Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------

None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. In v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.


Change log
----------
For the full list of changes, refer to the release change log:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release-1.4/CHANGELOG.md#v145
