v1.4.6 Release Notes - February 25, 2020
========================================

Fixes
-----

- **fabric-ca-server encounters error when starting with SQLite3 DB**

  v1.4.5 added the fabric-ca-server binary to the github release package.
  The sqlite3 package used by fabric-ca-server was not correctly cross
  compilable by the `go build` process and the server failed to start up
  correctly when using sqlite3 as the DB. The SQLite3 package was updated
  and fabric-ca-server binaries will now correctly exist as part of GitHub
  release tarball.

Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------

None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. In v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.


Change log
----------
For the full list of changes, refer to the release change log:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release-1.4/CHANGELOG.md#v146
