v1.4.7 Release Notes - May 14, 2020
===================================

Enhancements
------------

- **FABC-904: Add Version Endpoint**

  Add a /version endpoint to the operations server which returns the current version of the CA.


Dependency updates
------------------
  - Bump Go to 1.13.9.
  - Bump Fabric baseimage to 0.4.20.
  - Bump SQLite to January 2020 revision 9bdaffc12bf8be15afceb51bb60851edd4afdff5.
  - Bump Fabric BCCSP to April 2020 revision 1f0a0dd5316310d299a02f0588db3f7ec50c965e.

Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------
None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. In v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.


Change log
----------
For the full list of changes, refer to the release change log:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release-1.4/CHANGELOG.md#v147
