v1.4.9 Release Notes - September 30, 2020
=========================================

Fixes
-----

**FABC-914: fabric-ca-client - Allow reenroll request to utilize existing private key**

fabric-ca-client `reenroll` command always generated a new private key in the certificate signing request.
This fix allows reenroll command to use the existing private key by setting the
`--csr.keyrequest.reusekey` flag. This may be important if the previously issued certificate is going to
expire soon and needs to be re-issued, without updating the public key within the certificate.
Note that reenroll will fail if the previously issued certificate has already expired.


Dependencies
------------
Fabric CA v1.4.9 has been tested with the following dependencies:
- Go 1.13.12
- Fabric baseimage 0.4.21


Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------
None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. In v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.


Change log
----------
For the full list of changes, refer to the release change log:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release-1.4/CHANGELOG.md#v149
