v1.5.0 Release Notes - March 9, 2021
====================================

All improvements and fixes as of Fabric CA v1.4.9 are included in Fabric CA v1.5.0.
Additionally, the following improvements and fixes are included in Fabric CA v1.5.0.

Improvements
------------

**FABC-780: TLS v1.3 support**

Add support for TLS v1.3

**FABC-735: Docker images with Alpine Linux**

Hyperledger Fabric CA Docker image will now use Alpine Linux,
a security-oriented, lightweight Linux distribution.

**FABC-909: Check If database exists prior to creating**

Prior to creating the Fabric CA database, first determine if it exists in MySQL and Postgres databases.
This change enables using a database user that does not have permission to create the database and assumes the database was previously created by an administrator.


Fixes
-----

**FABC-902: Identities query for all types of an affiliation fails**

Identities query for all types of an affiliation fails with a SQL error.
This fix passes the correct arguments to the query.

**FABC-800: Enlarge PEM column for MySQL database from 4096 to 8192**

In some scenarios enrollment may fail with error:
"Certificate signing failure: Failed to insert record into database: Error 1406: Data too long for column 'pem' at row 1".
This fix expands the database column from 4096 to 8192.

**FABC-913: Set a primary key on users table for SQLite**

When using SQLite, duplicate registration of the same ID could occur depending on timing. Subsequently the ID would not be usable.
This fix sets a primary key of id on users table for SQLite to prevent duplicate entries.

**FABC-832: Certificate NotBefore date can not be before CA Cert NotBefore date**

Enrollment certificate requests using a NotBefore date prior to the CA certificate NotBefore
date will now get reset to use the CA certificate's NotBefore date.


Dependencies
------------
Fabric CA v1.5.0 includes updated Go dependencies.

Fabric CA v1.5.0 has been tested with the following dependencies:
- Go 1.15.7
- Alpine 3.13 (for Docker images)


Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------
None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. As of v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.
