v1.5.1 Release Notes - August 16, 2021
======================================

Improvements
------------

**FABC-931: Re-enroll with existing key even if certificate is expired**

As of Fabric CA v1.4.9 it is possible to reenroll and get a certificate using an existing
private/public key pair when passing --csr.keyrequest.reusekey to the Fabric CA
client re-enroll request. This is advantageous especially for TLS certs since it means an
orderer identity can get a certificate with updated expiration without the channel
configuration needing to be updated (as of Fabric v1.4.9 and v2.2.1 when TLS certs
are verified between channel members only the key is checked, the entire certificate
does not need to be identical). However, if the certificate is already expired,
Fabric CA has historically returned an error and did not allow the identity to
reenroll to receive a new certificate.
This improvement allows the client to re-enroll even if the current certificate is expired.
To use the improvement, start the Fabric CA with the configuration option ``ca.reenrollIgnoreCertExpiry``
set to ``true`` (or set environment variable FABRIC_CA_SERVER_CA_REENROLLIGNORECERTEXPIRY).
Alternatively, start the Fabric CA with flag ``--ca.reenrollignorecertexpiry``.

Dependencies
------------

Fabric CA v1.5.1 has been tested with the following dependencies:
- Go 1.15.7
- Alpine 3.13 (for Docker images)


Changes, Known Issues, and Workarounds
--------------------------------------
None.

Known Vulnerabilities
---------------------
- FABC-174 Commands can be manipulated to delete identities or affiliations

  This vulnerability can be resolved in one of two ways:

  1) Use HTTPS (TLS) so that the authorization header is not in clear text.

  2) The token generation/authentication mechanism was improved to optionally prevent
  token reuse. As of v1.4 a more secure token can be used by setting environment variable:

  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

  However, it cannot be set to false until all clients have
  been updated to generate the more secure token and tolerate
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false.
  The Fabric CA client has been updated in v1.4 to generate the more secure token.
  The Fabric SDKs will be updated by v2.0 timeframe to generate the more secure token,
  at which time the default for Fabric CA server will change to:
  FABRIC_CA_SERVER_COMPATIBILITY_MODE_V1_3=false

Resolved Vulnerabilities
------------------------
None.
